Stone saw his father for the first time as he grew up
A little excited
The scumbag who pretended to be rich back then
Cheating money and deceiving sex still dare to appear
Where is he?
I smashed his head, he left early
He said he had changed and his business had picked up
I want to take our mother and son back
Zhang Ting, do you really believe it?
You were deceived so badly by him last time.
You've been fooled for the second time
What do you mean?
Linza, can't you see me?
Do you think I'll never deserve a good life?
You always have to be rescued, right?
Why do you think of me so much?
I care about you
Don't you care
Go son
Don't go
Why is Auntie Zhang Ting?
Through memory
You've been borrowing money from my mother
A total of 23,80010 yuan come on
Okay, pay it back
WeChat transferred to you?
From today onwards, we don't owe each other.
Don't contact.
Mom, do you really want to break up with Aunt Lin?
Son, remember
Only he has completely disappeared from our lives
Is the safest for us
Hmm, I don't have to live in this shitty place anymore
Mr. Gu
These three are the candidates for the interview for the president's secretary
That's him!